talk is merchandise ugly beauty beauty I want
this video here is very different from what
Have you seen until now why this time?
instead of helping you with a
tutorial with information with ever
Something up to my series the self
I ask your help
many people know that the game on the pc is
I would love to play in a morning xbox
or on ps 4 would like to play on a console
and that's where the site that sings
Who did Kate come in contact with?
with me they created an account for me there.
that everyone can help a kitty
so that I can get the
resources to buy console to board
capture a microphone everything I
I need to make the channel grow and
this would allow me to play games
October is also to facilitate the
my life since I would not have
who spend hours here looking for a
real adversary who is what
happens on the pc i always end up
finding personnel manufacturing which
end up always wasting time trying
record matches and could also do
lives could play much more with
inscribed is a very cool business
the future of the channel, that probably
change the panoramas to the channel
in a little while then it's a
kitty like I said you can come in
make the donation everyone wanted a
donation has a reward will have several
different rewards there the link goes
drop in description you can enter doha
with what you think is worth what you
you think you can if you could not
We also can not beat the finish line.
which was stipulated there is no problem the
channel continues the same way continued
recording here on pc
But what if I really succeeded?
this is a breakthrough for the channel
With a tremendous face, I was going to change many things.
To facilitate my life a lot is just something
The positive that I have to say, I do not
I have a sponsor of something that does not have the
sponsorship of any store is fine
small compared to many October by
then that's quite why I would tell
with your help to do this
happen I hope it is possible we will
see if the 4,000 subscribers I have
here we can collect the
necessary for all this to happen
happen
good beauty, I hope you have not stopped too much
You, who can help, I thank you
Let's see how it goes.
if you leave
this collection in the next days there and
until the next
ae